Question: When is the enrollment date?
Answer=As an AI-based trained chatbot, I cannot provide you with the updated information. However, if you want to know the updated information about the enrollment date, please visit the GCIT website at https://www.gcit.edu.bt/ and go to the menu section. Select 'Announcement' and then choose 'News' to find all the necessary and updated information.


Question:  what is the criteria for the admission?
Answer=Eligibility criteria include class 12 completed students with minimum of 50% in Mathematics/Business Mathematics, where ability rating would be done in the following way: Mathematics/Business Mathematics -5, English -2 and three other subjects -1. (this eligibility criteria and ability rating applies same for both the course i.e. Bachelor of Computer Science and Bachelor of Interactive Design and Development)
However, since Gyalpozhing College of Information Technology is one of the highly reputed colleges in Bhutan you have to go through 3 major processes:
I. General application based on the eligibility criteria as maintained above. 
ii.CTT (Creative Thinking test)
iii. interview 
Question: what are the courses?
Answer=For the first-year student there are two major courses that are Bachelor of Computer Science and Bachelor of Interactive Design and Development. 
From second year onwards Computer Science students will be allowed to choose one of the following courses: AI Development and Data Science, Block chain Development and Full Stack Development.
Where Interactive Design and Development students will be continuing in the same course.
Thank you.
Question: what are the co-curricular activities done in GCIT?
Answer=GCIT has many co-curricular activities including games and sports where a minimum of six games activities will be organised for boys and girls, which include football, basketball and volleyball. And there will be many unofficial friendly activities organised by students. There will be many club activities as well, where we have very interesting and knowledgeable clubs, which include G-Tech, Integrity, Literary and interactive art, Media Marketing and Design(MMD), Rovers, Start-up and Tarayana where each club has interesting, interactive and knowledgeable activities.
Question: what are clubs in GCIT?
Answer=the clubs in GCIT include G-Tech, Integrity, Literary and interactive art, Media Marketing and Design (MMD), Rovers, start-up and Tarayana.


Question:  what are the enrollment processes?
Answer= the enrollment process includes firstly the registration with the help of your class 12 result, based on the mask you have obtained you will shortlisted for CTT (computational thinking test). Based on the result of the computational thinking test you will be short listed for the interview, and based on the interview result top 104 student will be selected 
Question: what is AI?
Answer=AI stands for "Artificial Intelligence." Artificial Intelligence refers to the development of computer systems that can perform tasks that typically require human intelligence, such as learning, reasoning, problem-solving, and decision-making. In the field of medicine, AI is being used to assist in various aspects of healthcare, including diagnosis, treatment planning, and patient monitoring. While AI has the potential to revolutionise healthcare, its specific applications in the context of ligaments may include analysing medical images, predicting injury risks, and optimising rehabilitation protocol. 
For example: 
Virtual Assistants: Virtual assistants like Siri, Alexa, and Google Assistant use AI to understand and respond to voice commands, perform tasks, and provide information.
Autonomous Vehicles: Self-driving cars rely on AI technologies such as computer vision, machine learning, and sensor fusion to navigate roads, detect obstacles, and make driving decisions.
 Image and Object Recognition: AI algorithms can analyse and interpret images, enabling applications like facial recognition, object detection, and medical image analysis.
Robotics: AI is used in robotics to enable machines to perform tasks autonomously, such as industrial automation, surgical robots, and household robots.
Question:What are the model learned in AI specialization?
Answer=Model learned by all three specialisations of course Bachelor of Computer Science in first year first semester would be same, where first semester includes: Fundamental of Programming, Front End Web Development I, Fundamentals of Computing, Modern Database Design, & Dzong Communication & second semester includes; Back End Web Development, User Interaction Design, Mathematics for Programming I, Academic Skills, & Mini Project I
In the second year, first semester AI learns the following 5 models: Applied Data Structures and Algorithms, Data Analytics and Visualization, Mathematics for Programming II, Analytical & Critical Thinking, Agile Software Engineering Practice. 
in Second year, second semester following 5 models are learned by AI students: Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, Mathematics for Programming III, Economics, Mini project II.
In the third year first semester, the following 5 models would be learned in AI: Deep Learning, DevOps and Automation for Development, Design Thinking for Innovation, Professional Certification I.
In third year, second semester following 3 models would be learned in AI: Advance Deep Learning, Introduction to Research, Mini Capstone Project
In the final year of the first semester the following 4 models would be learned in AI: Natural Language Processing, Big Data, Ethics in Computing, Professional Certification II.
&
In the final year of the second semester the following 2 models would be learned in AI: Advance English Skills for Carrer Development and Industry Final year project -Major Capstone.
Question:what are the courses learned by Computer Science student in 1st year?
Answer=Model learned by the course Bachelor of Computer Science, in first year first semester are as following, where first semester includes: Fundamental of Programming, Front End Web Development I, Fundamentals of Computing, Modern Database Design, & Dzong Communication & second semester includes; Back End Web Development, User Interaction Design, Mathematics for Programming I, Academic Skills, & Mini Project I


All the course and the time (semester and year) in which it would be learned/taught is based on the initial planning made while developing the model and courses, however the total number of courses for the specialization is prone to remain same but the time in which it will be taught or learned may vary based on the external factors.


Question: what are the courses learned by a Computer Science student in 1st year first semester?
Answer=following are the model learned in first year first semester: Fundamental of Programming, Front End Web Development I, Fundamentals of Computing, Modern Database Design, & Dzong Communication
Question:what are the models learned by Computer Science students in 1st year second semester?
Answer=following are the model learned in first year first semester: Back End Web Development, User Interaction Design, Mathematics for Programming I, Academic Skills, & Mini Project I
Question: What are the model learned in AI specialization in second year first semester?
Answer=in second year, first semester you learn the following 5 models: Applied Data Structures and algorithms, Data Analytics and Visualization, Mathematics for Programming II, Analytical & Critical Thinking, Agile Software Engineering Practice.
Question:What are the models learned in Ai specialization in second year second semester?
Answer=in Second year, second semester following 5 models are learned: Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, Mathematics for Programming III, Economics, Mini project II.
Question:what are the models learned in AI specialization in third year first semester?
Answer=in third year, first semester following 5 models would be learned: Deep Learning, DevOps and Automation for Development, Design Thinking for Innovation, Professional Certification I.
Question: what are the models learned in AI specialization in third year second semester?
Answer= In third year, second semester following 3 models would be learned: Advance Deep Learning, Introduction to Research, Mini Capstone Project
Question:what are the models learned in AI specialization in the fourth year first semester?
Answer= In final year first semester following 4 models would be learned: Natural Language Processing, Big Data, Ethics in Computing, Professional Certification II.
Question:.what are the models learned in AI specialization in fourth year second semester?
Answer= In final year second semester following 2 models would be learned: Advance English Skills for Career Development and Industry Final year project -Major Capstone.




Question:what is Block chain?
Answer=Blockchain is a decentralised and distributed digital ledger that records transactions across multiple computers or nodes. It is designed to be transparent, secure, and tamper-resistant. Each transaction, or "block," is linked to the previous one, forming a chain of blocks, hence the name "blockchain."
In ligament terms, blockchain technology may not have a direct application. However, in the broader field of healthcare, blockchain has the potential to enhance data security, interoperability, and privacy. For example, blockchain can be used to securely store and share medical records, ensuring that patient data remains confidential and tamper-proof. It can also facilitate the secure exchange of medical research data, enable supply chain tracking of medical devices, and streamline insurance claims processing.
While blockchain technology is not specifically related to ligaments, it has the potential to revolutionise various aspects of healthcare by providing a secure and transparent platform for data management and collaboration.
Question: what are the model learned in Block Chain specialization?
Answer=Model learned by all three specialisations of course Bachelor of Computer Science in first year first semester would be same, where first semester includes: Fundamental of Programming, Front End Web Development I, Fundamentals of Computing, Modern Database Design, & Dzong Communication & second semester includes; Back End Web Development, User Interaction Design, Mathematics for Programming I, Academic Skills, & Mini Project I
In the second year, first semester following 4 models are learned in Block chain: Front End Web Development II, Economics, Introduction to Blockchain Technology & Agile Software Engineering Practice.
In second year, second semester you learn the following 5 models in Block chain: Programming for Blockchain I, Developing Decentralize app, Mathematics for Programming II, Analytical & Critical Thinking, and Mini Project II.


In the third year, the first semester following models are learned in Block chain: Programming for Blockchain II, Applied Data Structure and Algorithms, Mathematics for Programming III and Design Thinking for Innovation.
In third year, second semester following model are learned in Block Chain: Programming for Blockchain for Blockchain Enterprise System, Professional Certification I and Mini Capstone Project
In the final year first semester following model are learned in Block chain: Introduction to Research, Competitive Programming, Ethics in Computing & Interactive Design and Advance English Skill for Carrer Development.
In final year second semester following model are learned in Block chain: Professional Certification II and Industry Final Year Project-Major Capstone






Question: What are the models learned in Block chain specialization in second year first semester?
Answer= in second year, first semester you learn the following 4 models in Block chain: Front End Web Development II, Economics, Introduction to Blockchain Technology & Agile Software Engineering Practice.
Question:What are the model learned in Block chain specialization in second year second semester?
Answer= second year second semester you learn following 5 models in Block chain: Programming for Blockchain I, Developing Decentralize app, Mathematics for Programming II, Analytical & Critical Thinking, and Mini Project II.


Question: What are the models learned in Block chain specialization in third year first semester?
Answer= In third year, first semester following models are learned by Block chain: Programming for Blockchain II, Applied Data Structure and Algorithms, Mathematics for Programming III and Design Thinking for Innovation.
Question:   What are the models learned in Block chain specialization in third year second semester?
= In third year, second semester following model are learned by Block Chain: Programming for Blockchain for Blockchain Enterprise System, Professional Certification I and Mini Capstone Project
Question:  What are the model learned in Block chain specialization in fourth year first semester?
Answer= In final year first semester following models are learned by Block chain: Introduction to Research, Competitive Programming, Ethics in Computing & Interactive Design and Advance English Skill for Career Development.
Question:  What are the models learned in Block chain specialization in fourth year second semester?
Answer= In final year second semester following model are learned by Block chain: Professional Certification II and Industry Final Year Project-Major Capstone
Question:what is the leave procedure?
Answer=To apply for leave, it's quite simple! Just follow these easy steps:
*                 Visit GCIT's website and head over to the search bar.
*                 Type in "forms" and hit enter. This will take you to the Form page.
*                 On the Form page, you'll find a list of forms available. Look for the "leave" form and click on it.
*                 Once you've clicked on the "leave" form, you'll be able to fill it out online.
You can access the leave form directly through this link: Leave Form




Question: .where is the library located/ what about the library?
Answer=The library at our college has evolved to meet the digital age, providing students and staff with access to an impressive array of e-resources. Currently, our primary library resource is the eLibrary, and here's what you need to know:
eLibrary: We've partnered with O'Reilly, an outstanding online library service. It offers an extensive collection of e-books, videos, and learning materials, especially focused on technology and business-related topics. Whether you're a student or staff member, this resource is a goldmine for staying updated on the latest trends and knowledge in your field.


Question: who is a student service officer?
Answer=Meet our dedicated student service officers at GCIT, Sangay Lhamo (here to assist our female students) and Tshering Dorji (ready to support our male students).
If you'd like to learn more about the roles and responsibilities of the dedicated student service officers at GCIT, you can visit the following link for detailed information: Student Affairs at GCIT. They are there to provide support and assistance to students, so feel free to reach out to them if you have any questions or need help during your time at GCIT. 




Question: who are the heads of the college?
Answer=The President of GCIT is Madam Audrey Low. She leads our institution with dedication and vision. If you have any questions or need assistance, don't hesitate to reach out to her or her team.


Question:  .what is the total number of students (in details.)?
Answer= Our college community is thriving with over 400 students, supported by a dedicated team of 70 staff members and guided by 10 administrators. Together, we make up a dynamic and vibrant total of 480+ individuals contributing to the rich academic environment at GCIT!
